## The story of Blixt

Since I got into Bitcoin I have always been interested in the idea of using it for every day
payments. We have the ability to build something from the ground up that is more efficient and
user friendly for people.

Back in 2019 I started working on [Blixt Wallet](https://blixtwallet.github.io/), a self-custodial
Lightning wallet that has an open-source ethos, with good defaults but with the flexibility to
customize if the user wants to, including opening channels to any Lightning node you want.

Blixt has grown and stands today as a powerful wallet with a strong, albeit niche, community. We now
have a small team of contributors and community members.

We have learned a lot over the years and encountered some of the obstacles of Lightning
for end-user wallets. Particularly related to channel management, liquidity, backup and offline
payments. This is why we are building a new wallet codenamed "Noah".

## Researching Ark

With the experience we have gained from Blixt, we started researching and looking into
[Ark](https://ark-protocol.org/). Ark is a scaling solution for end-user wallets that depends on
the Lightning Network. We believe it has the potential to improve the user-experience for
self-custodial wallets.

This is because Ark does not have the concept of payment channels, but instead has the concept of
VTXOs (Virtual Transaction Outputs). You are able to receive payments without first opening
a new payment channel which normally would require an onchain transaction as in the case of
Lightning. Additionally you don't have the obstacle of inbound/outbound liquidity thresholds.

However, in the end the Ark protocol is still dependent on the greater Lightning Network to be able
to send and receive payments. This is important because Lightning today is an established and mature
payment channel network that we do not wish to compete head-on against. Ark works well for end-user
wallets.

## Where we are and the road ahead

Blixt dev Nitesh Balusu started working on a new wallet codenamed
["Noah"](https://github.com/blixtwallet/noah) using the Ark protocol. The wallet uses Second's Ark
client [Bark](https://codeberg.org/ark-bitcoin/bark) under the hood.

The goal here is to focus primarily on ease-of-use while still being a self-custodial wallet, taking
inspiration from wallets such as Aqua and Muun. These wallets were able to successfully compete
against custodial wallets such as Wallet of Satoshi.

We want to provide a wallet with a single balance that can seamlessly send and receive via Lightning
and onchain.

We currently have a working wallet for Android and iOS that can send and receive payments. However,
we are still working on base functionality related to the Ark protocol itself, as in Ark, you have
to refresh your VTXOs.

As this is a new wallet we have the opportunity to rethink the user experience from the ground up.
Here are the primary features and functionalities we would like to focus on:

### Ark round syncing

A proper Ark wallet currently requires refreshing your VTXOs. We are working on a solution for this
via silent push notifications. Care must be taken so that this procedure works reliably.

### Lightning Address and/or BIP353 support

Lightning Address (and potentially
[BIP-353](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0353.mediawiki) in the future) will be a
common way to receive payments in the wallet.

Having Lightning Address support in a self-custodial wallet is uncommon, so this is a valuable
feature to have.

We have basic support for this feature already in the wallet, but we would like to expand on this by
making it production-ready, having a donation webpage as well as supporting more of the related
LNURL protocols such as [LUD-18](https://github.com/lnurl/luds/blob/luds/18.md).

### Easy backup management

We are planning to have a backup system that is solely based on the seed phrase, that would restore
all funds in the wallet. This would encrypt the backup with the user's seed phrase, making it
trustless.

### "Offline" payments

We would like to have a way to receive payments while the app is not running. We plan to do this via
silent push notifications, in order to wake up the device to receive the payment. This would work
together with the Lightning Address support.

### Auxiliary Lightning and Nostr ecosystem protocols

We intend to support Lightning-related protocols such as the LNURL protocol suite, WebLN, Nostr
Wallet Connect and more where applicable.

Additionally, we are looking into receiving and sending payments via Nostr profiles and potentially
developing this into an open standard.

For privacy matters we will add Tor support to the wallet.

### Continuing Blixt Wallet work

While our primary focus will be on Noah, Blixt is not going away. Work will be dedicated to
continuing its development. It is a versatile wallet liked by tens of thousands of users.

Blixt will be shifted to be a power-user wallet and we plan to work on features such as
BOLT12-support (coming in an upcoming lnd release), offline-receive, faster chain sync,
desktop versions (Windows and Linux), LN/onchain swap, LSP-spec support, some GUI-revamping and
more.

## Potential Impact

The potential impact of Noah and the Ark protocol is to make self-custodial wallets just as user
friendly as custodial wallets. It would be able to support Lightning Address, easy backups, offline
payments and more.

It would simplify onboarding by letting users instantly receive payments using Ark's concept of
VTXOs. Users can send and receive payments without liquidity thresholds.

Overall we wish to demonstrate that self-custodial wallets don't have to be complicated. Lightning
helped Bitcoin scale and provide fast payments and low fees. However, it added an extra layer of
friction for end-user wallets. We believe that Ark and Noah help on the last mile by removing this
friction.

We believe that this will support Bitcoin's evolution from a Store of Value to a Medium of Exchange.

## Ending thoughts and financials

We are excited about the future of Lightning and the Ark protocol. We believe Ark has the potential
to provide a user experience that is close to custodial Lightning wallets, where contemporary
self-custodial Lightning wallets sometimes fall short.

If you would like to see what we have accomplished thus far, we can invite you to download the app
for Android and iOS.

To keep going with our project we are seeking funding for the following:

---

<div style="display: flex; align-items: center; flex-wrap: wrap;">
  <img width="140" height="140" style="margin-right: 25px; border-radius: 75px; flex-shrink: 0;" src="data:image/jpeg;base64, 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" />
  <div style="flex: 1; min-width: 0;">
    <h3>Hampus Sjöberg</h3>
    <p>
      <strong>Programmer</strong><br/>
      Will work on developing the wallet and auxiliary services and servers. Additionally responsible for
      guiding overall project direction.<br/>
      Email: hampus.sjoberg at protonmail.com<br/>
      Nostr: <code style="word-break: break-all;">npub1v4v57fu60zvc9d2uq23cey4fnwvxlzga9q2vta2n6xalu03rs57s0mxwu8</code><br/>
      Telegram: <a href="https://t.me/hsjoberg">@hsjoberg</a><br/>
      GitHub: <a href="https://github.com/hsjoberg">hsjoberg</a><br/>
      $80k
    </p>
  </div>
</div>

<div style="display: flex; align-items: center; flex-wrap: wrap;">
  <img width="140" height="140" style="margin-right: 25px; border-radius: 75px; flex-shrink: 0;" src="data:image/jpeg;base64, /9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQEASABIAAD/4QAiRXhpZgAATU0AKgAAAAgAAQESAAMAAAABAAEAAAAAAAD/4gIoSUNDX1BST0ZJTEUAAQEAAAIYYXBwbAQAAABtbnRyUkdCIFhZWiAH5gABAAEAAAAAAABhY3NwQVBQTAAAAABBUFBMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA9tYAAQAAAADTLWFwcGzs/aOOOIVHw220vU962hgvAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAApkZXNjAAAA/AAAADBjcHJ0AAABLAAAAFB3dHB0AAABfAAAABRyWFlaAAABkAAAABRnWFlaAAABpAAAABRiWFlaAAABuAAAABRyVFJDAAABzAAAACBjaGFkAAAB7AAAACxiVFJDAAABzAAAACBnVFJDAAABzAAAACBtbHVjAAAAAAAAAAEAAAAMZW5VUwAAABQAAAAcAEQAaQBzAHAAbABhAHkAIABQADNtbHVjAAAAAAAAAAEAAAAMZW5VUwAAADQAAAAcAEMAbwBwAHkAcgBpAGcAaAB0ACAAQQBwAHAAbABlACAASQBuAGMALgAsACAAMgAwADIAMlhZWiAAAAAAAAD21QABAAAAANMsWFlaIAAAAAAAAIPfAAA9v////7tYWVogAAAAAAAASr8AALE3AAAKuVhZWiAAAAAAAAAoOAAAEQsAAMi5cGFyYQAAAAAAAwAAAAJmZgAA8qcAAA1ZAAAT0AAACltzZjMyAAAAAAABDEIAAAXe///zJgAAB5MAAP2Q///7ov///aMAAAPcAADAbv/bAEMAAgEBAgEBAgICAgICAgIDBQMDAwMDBgQEAwUHBgcHBwYHBwgJCwkICAoIBwcKDQoKCwwMDAwHCQ4PDQwOCwwMDP/bAEMBAgICAwMDBgMDBgwIBwgMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDP/AABEIAMgAyAMBIgACEQEDEQH/xAAfAAABBQEBAQEBAQAAAAAAAAAAAQIDBAUGBwgJCgv/xAC1EAACAQMDAgQDBQUEBAAAAX0BAgMABBEFEiExQQYTUWEHInEUMoGRoQgjQrHBFVLR8CQzYnKCCQoWFxgZGiUmJygpKjQ1Njc4OTpDREVGR0hJSlNUVVZXWFlaY2RlZmdoaWpzdHV2d3h5eoOEhYaHiImKkpOUlZaXmJmaoqOkpaanqKmqsrO0tba3uLm6wsPExcbHyMnK0tPU1dbX2Nna4eLj5OXm5+jp6vHy8/T19vf4+fr/xAAfAQADAQEBAQEBAQEBAAAAAAAAAQIDBAUGBwgJCgv/xAC1EQACAQIEBAMEBwUEBAABAncAAQIDEQQFITEGEkFRB2FxEyIygQgUQpGhscEJIzNS8BVictEKFiQ04SXxFxgZGiYnKCkqNTY3ODk6Q0RFRkdISUpTVFVWV1hZWmNkZWZnaGlqc3R1dnd4eXqCg4SFhoeIiYqSk5SVlpeYmZqio6Slpqeoqaqys7S1tre4ubrCw8TFxsfIycrS09TV1tfY2dri4+Tl5ufo6ery8/T19vf4+fr/2gAMAwEAAhEDEQA/APC/jv8ABG+8U263Gl3r3cJ+eSIH5TXgvi3WF0jT59AsrPy7+IHcWHT8a+gPBni3V4b+WzGFijT7jHrXi/xZ+Deq/Ev4nw2vh43P9uatMsTLChYRKT99sdAOtedgVy2p1GrLU9nEUVrOCON+H/wcuG0OPxHd6zaWirehSu4fIobBz+Ney+ONd0Xwq8cjsb8Lbr5c5GUViP51yvxP/ZLsPA3xC8O+DftF9qNygS6v4QTiTJ6sBxknOB2r1n9qf4Ur4M+BVnBa+H7my3KqqVG7Jx/nmvS5Up05yl8W3TQ8trljKKWq6nwx8WvFkya/eyToXEpLqY+ijtXjnjjxFP4htvJ81/LU5AJyBXpfie8uUsbyzeBvMUlGZhyPoK5C38FwXE0cbK6pt5LDGa96thXPWJ47laV2ZXgzS1GmhYinnMcbmHSu1bThpGjrHMf3rjLMOhq7ovgG1t5YV3iNcbiCcbq2dW8LrqdmIgwAX7p9a66cIqnZ7mMpNs5m78NXNrYR6paRmWKPBcE11KeLF8deGRp6AQQkfvAeTWTPfXQ0l7NZAgQbdg/jqp4SlSIzxxxPGyj5ga9XLY80rdDOcmloy14dlj8G+IGghBljk6+n5VteMdciW34t1LyDsK5+OKPeblGJZD+dbdnoVxrUMch3lX4XAzXq+zb0iYuStqZXg74j6x4dmNlBe3NvA5wI1JxzWt4qhla48+/uJpprhc5lfccelbGmfBnU9Q1JREiOIk8x8jkd64zxhOtxqc9vcvK80JKL6LXM6Eoy2Xqa05LuVLLVP7CuVMB/d7sNjvT/ABR4hOoQ7g3yqOD3rEt45bORhOp8k8q2Kp314J28pFZh6VanpYcopu6CPXvsi/LK2TwRmrWi3El/OrRByuRkgdK7H4VfBmy8TL5l2cGVeATjFel+AfgzBomtiyaFGjlJCsRVxg2g51c9s/ZEZ/FGnWNpceTNbQgbvMAzXVftmfC22Ph1LrRzJavHy7RdK5z4UeBJfCd8be1d4ZQ+QQeCK9LufK8Q6Nfaff3LPcbSEQjOfpXyuMbU9Oh9Xhor2d+580eANUHh7Q7iGeSZ7uWMqCx4bivkjxj4Sn1j4p6lE+LSPzDISO49RX2h8Qfh/feE9Oa4aItGX2gEcgeteZ678I7TXrh9RmgcNIuGIHSs/aJr3TGvSejZ4ZZeDtcv4JBZXsphh+6Sc19HfszfF+8tfAdxpeoSKk0KeWzseWrndC8EnQNFn+zsskIJIB6074a+C59X8QzO1s5g+9le9ebiI86sxQnyaoy7fW9Sg+Ik0FrbqbWR2LMR9/NFeoar4FjkigvLaJhJbnnYOmPWisE30G1rqfW/wo/4Jx/Fjxd4g0e5vtRgsV1BVa4AjO6LIyVHvjua+ytJ+BvhL9kjQEhtrSHUfFN4oWWUqHlY46mvWT8c9K/4RE6ppbW8wsgd0YYAqBwRXwx4o/4KMeBfG/7R9zK+p/Y7i2U2zrc/LHuVsEDPGRXwlOviK8rOOkeyPcc4cuj1fc7f4WeN/hzp3xX8Rad4pjtbrxPPP54mZACqH7gBPZRxXnv/AAUk+MOg+GdMs1OpQSaTjKW4ILHHQY+tYetfCC8/aa/aPsde8G6npiwCMw3AXlrnLZwMcV8//wDBXf4BeMvg7460BdVs5F0yZTJHckkxtKP4fQccgV9DhIUsTVhSc7N/1Y8nGQlCnKSR86a3qtjrutarfyWcltFOxeESLtDD27Vy9ysGqSLIEChfQYrstF+NNn4s0/T9F1ixgjtbd1jmnUDIAyM47e+K5P4i3GleG/EM8WjSmewYDZg5wT1FfpWCilSVKS2Plq9786KV5Oofa8R4X5W9Ky7zxLcJsgVh7EVsrby3NqpuUZVZcjjkVhap4ckM8X2cMwLcA960eASd0jL2regWkjiUvKu5wMgirukXWq6w7pp+nNJLJ8uFTLNngV9n/sFf8Eh9V+Nng7UPiR8TtUf4d/DHRLI6jPeToq3mqwjn/R1chVDY2iR+CWG0NXS/FX9q/wCD3wQ+G/iDw38H/C97BHps32RrjWbSG8/tVpBIBJPKdsuVCblUKAGDqFBxkhj6UZ+xoJylfW2y9WdtDLqk1z1HZfj9x8p/Db9h/wCIPiXSb3UbvRZLe0tgrurTxhgGBYfLuzwBk56CrP8Awq7xP8OL8219F9ljZN9uZR8swx0RuhI7jqDwazPF/wC3jPIIrKTQNLtreOIJeJazSW8t398AebGy/KoZWU9dynOQ2Bb8K/tjwWVjcQaJqmo6SkVyl3p51SCK+it5Q3ypcArtkUgn5yMEEj0x3xnVvZ2NHhsOtU2yppnj6/0G8m8+V1lmBXhcZFeb+IpTaeI5ZSu4ytvO7rXWL+1jqGr+MLs654e0e7maGZIbeOMDy5N3yhGzyoGccHtXP+No4fE2nQ+I7O8tHtbwlGtoT+9smHWOReuQMHcBtOeDwa2lK6v1OGdPld47F+zhs/EmmbVRfMUZxjvXIz6SvhfxNG9yqmJjzjtXpHwj8PHVoYzbiKUSDkiqPxI+Fv2a4u/tUmxowWjNZLVX6mSbvY3fhrd/2tufT4ztjORxwa66DVLmXxhYPcztbwKQCV67h6155+z9cy6HbktKF5IGR1Fd3Nq8Gu3LR27IXikBY9hzWrklG46SblY9O0XWL+PWp5ba4kcJghiOgHpXtngw2WoaTDeTBTcMB8/fNeF2fiOZZLWCZY4AyAeYOrCu30D4iaT4Ns2aWdvs8SkMXOFH418jmNVTd4n1eEjKEeWRpfFK70/W7iVPNVxaruZc8Z+leYT+I7HUvDVwLKLAVircdT7Vo/ELxJoup+Ab3V7CbfJIS2VPB9q8cg8b3M3hxJrKBoyWyyno9clGleOrM8XiveskdlcadYX9nFaq5iaXhwO9bvgqHT/h5qptp1aWOWPKntXmVtq1/qsSTIgjn3YAHrW/d3eqWcEcerW80bygbHYdq6/3ekZbnludR+9HY7DXfiNZaBa3ccK7WuFYqxHFFeQeLtbuX1lLeIiVAvftRTdCm+hl7ap3P0n+NGq6v8J9Jvr3RppLuxlDO8kLEpyOCR2/lzX5e+M73/hLPHGp3n2ZrSW4nZ5ImGCrE817f8Gf2pfHn7CvxGh8G/EuG617wrvMbJLmaW0U942P30x/Cfwr6a+JP/BPXwX+2N8O5/iV8HtYtG1GeLzWsI2BinYD7hHVH7YNeRSwcMFJ+0Wkup1LEuqlyvY84/4I5/tC+GPhl8YY9G8Su1hNOx+xXLviORv7h9D6V9Uf8FUvG1p+174B1HwTHLDHfQxi4s7sEDleRz69B+NflB8V9H1z4W6+dO1fS7zRdTs2/eRTxtFIpHcev1FU7n9rXxjYSWd2uqzXF3p/yxSTNuLL/db1GK4MTw/z4pYyjOz6LpfuehTzT9y6MonoP7NOvaRpXhbWfhzrXhS51HxrJdPGRHDuYrnG7J4AFegaZ/wTi1Dx34N1vxPpssemQaKDizlj5d0+9k9s1U/Yj/bM8BaH+0Ppfi3xLZCPVrqL7DdSMhZIi7Dlmxxz0Jr7c/ay+NOj/Brwlez6O1rPb+L1JSONuA7Djp29a+RznPc0wObQw2Bg06lm23dN/aST0VkRDBU6tFzk9v6R+YWk6suuQmxmtwt3E5QIB1IOK9z/AOCd/wAHdO+JP7YPgux1XTJdRsra/FxNapAkyyeWCw8xZPk8sMF3buMZ71xd14Sk+Bfjez8TajEuo+cz3DQeWF2Bs9B3HOQT6V9Rf8Ej/HGnxftQ+L/iNeTf2Npeh+G7y9mRYRKYg7wwoVHIMgZ9w4PIPHFfr1XNnPL51qeqcX9+1jysDhYyxUIvufT3x2i+IOtfFka5oWiWej2dxey2tlHLcSTQ6vaIGiZfssiOj27F9uxtgLL8mB0/Pz9sT/glz8cPhPZ/8JGfh4tvod642/2faxq0xlO5soi7VRmJxuTjAx/er9yP2EfA978X/irqnxD1u1lPh2FI7XRILyN1kuZRukeQxt8ojjL7V2gAncxJJJPrP7b9vqk3w4urjR9LOqakIz9lVnIVX68gA5A5r4nA5xXw/vU0uzT/AMz7erSo1qscPJfPsfyDX37LXjS4uz59jDYhz3m3gHuMDofap4f2UdesoGL3xRnUoVRGIYHqK/S/4uWsmofFXVbjXvD0Oi6lPKWntI4jGue5x79TXM69a+HrO25tBJIPn2qpJFfeUcZGSUpx1Yv9XaKuub7z869f/Zp8V6TpLTWji+WH94YuRIceme/41z3gv4kTeAfEa3seIrh0az1G1mjBMyMCrdejYzg9jX6K2ltaahqEccVmxD8qphxszXyP+3/8HofBfji31eGxFn5wAnCJhZgTjf6Z7V1qvCTvDTyZ42Y5OqMPaQd0jpvhrc2Xh3N3pcqrZXKq9sCwJ2kd6b8SNVl1KYmQGTcM8DOa8b+A3iaOy1K+0+d5HRAZbc+mD834YxXtOmaXNrtk01rKs4Tny2GTXfzpw5j5WVNufKkYHh/RpFPmNhIl+baD0rR8MXsGr+Lvs0Dm3iZ8SOO9VNU0nVbe43GFoVm+TZnkfhXUeGPhPInhebUlQia3bLEd+9ceIxCgtWdNCg3JWPR9bsYdO0y2t2mN0QRsI6810V38KU+JvhEaUu6NJVzIR1xXI2F9b6j4UtbnaEktCN2f4q7X4W+PPsXidgZQkciDajCvj69V9D6WKS3Oa174RT+BPCU+h+W32DZgOoJKiuT+G/gq0ZprO5uN8YBER7g19FeNfFa6xB5aeSInTbzXm3hj4X2cF3e3qXQeUNuRSeFNcMcbON0Zzw8ZNM82t9Lk8JeLoo51cJFMGj3DAYZr1Hxn4it/GmlRQkwJPboNo4ycVR8Y6FeeK9StizWzLajGVHNclq/g28N692zsixcDaeMVlHFVJVFN9A9hFQcV1ON8RadGNRml24lTIOD0oqO+SPSdVneWcyLcZ4PY0V9HSrqUUzwp0LSaZ+nnxX+BvhL9prwPci9022m1meIiG4ZQWUkdc18M6B8O/jn/AMEz/Euo+KfDd1v0WzbfcwZL215GD/GnYgfxDmvpn9kb45ReNPCNqFuMXVugR0LcgivcfFNpa/FfwHf6Bq8SvaaihidmGcgjBr6vH5XDEUnUorfofP4XGSpT5KnTqfL0/wAd/h3/AMFYPC0dj4ljh8L+ObaI/Z0VgHLY6o2PnU+hr4X/AGk/2VvGH7MfiN4vEOnyPpMku221KAFra4Hbn+FsdjXt/wC1D+w9q37P3jyG98LTTz6av71JYmKy2jA8EEfzrvv2ef2/tP1GxXwP8Z7KDxD4fuQIDfTQiR0XpiVe4/2hyK+QnhqlB2pq67f5Hu060Zay+8xP+CaNl4P8T+E7zSNT0eyummmMk8joCXB7EnqfavpX4g2PgLwthbm1aax+WOzWUl1iccDapzt59K5nwJ+yT4I+EPxIuPGPgC4OoeAtXti8lnDL5v2WTs0ZPJXGflPIrO1z4i+B9Dv4r/VdZtp9NjlYW1vKwzEQeMqeSR79K+NzDLozxLrx5r72PocNVTpqLseX/tL/AA+8W6jcSyQ6c9/pog3xvEmPKTJxuJ9a9C/4JtpdeDv2V/jD4wEelCyZINLv0uZQ0pt0WWRkWMfMhafyBvIOcEAdSOv8E/tmeHvil4R8QaDZyWaJaRuI7hTlWGMDae9eB/s0/FzT9M0r4ieBISFm8ZvAZACds62lwJmjQDks6Aj6AivQwtfF1MDUw8o8qjb1ave4YelSjjIVL3v+Z/Qt+yJ4x/tz4S+HNTjmhS1NhFcuwYiKFDGC3JJwo6DntXg37e3/AAVf8IeG/En/AAg3hXxDo8+vuMS5ff8AZwTg4xxu+vSvOdZ8YXen/wDBJz4dXFpr13oT6xYeXdS2iCWSZg7xtGqj77kjCg9wPTNfjn8dPC3hzwP8QNPg03wL4ls9Y1qeO8s9T1rULhJNUM25klEmQmGAJzlhxzxXiZThnXlOm29G9F+t/wBD66OGhTqxxU7WvZXf6JO7Pt7xj4Q/4WNry6hd6/JqEjriQySgtjJOP1rg/HnjLwl8G7O+IiTVri1tmnZl+eNcZwu7nDdsYzyK8r/Zr+Ocfx8FxaLYSzXNpEJJpknKCFl+TBYfeJ9R17jNZH7VHxa1P4L+I7DT7LT47BdbRZjeG389GYnazHg5KgDAx3zzXv03jU1TlttbY+iqPDqm6sbeu5lTftk6/wCMdTaLw58ONaunUgq8VjNJE475Krx+dbHxs8Ez/tTfAzUo7zRdU8P+I9MhMws76ArI3GRtJA3K2Dg9eOQK2/hn4p+JUvxLvLTS/HOsTeFrK1kuLPUE0m5njv5FgDxx7GARN0uUO7AUAk9AD7N8PPj5J8X/AARYQeLNMtdM8Txv5UqRbWyOhOV4Kn2H4V31cbXoyiowT21Tbav3TS+fY8VYVVoyVSbd7qzjZP0PyW+F/hUQeNrOOaORo5YZQ/l/eUqOh9MEc/Svo/4I67a+H4ruNYEuFC/I/UgntXKfAj9mvxN8af2jPiLpGhWMs6+FpdQnupACv2WMPJs+rM2AF6nGK0P2fvD15eSzTBz5guNjwdSCK+y+uUlT5W1fsfl8sJVjVU7OzvZ97bno/jvSNMufDtvfTSOt9nc8a9FB9q2vAOjzTeD54NOki1FNQH3QRuTiofiXpL+HrCW6kSIqUGVP0qP4OQP4Mt08RWOXiI/eW5PH4V4OMxMakLS3TO2lRcKnMjjviH4N8UfD+yR/sLNYlvnxk7a7D4b+KdMgtoppkWWbaAN3au91v4jzfE7Q5optPaGFhydvAFeY+OvBgstNkTTXUkpnKnBU+teVK8lY3lUs73PRPH3jjRfBmjwXF6VMlyAQFOdorl9G+Mvhy1gkvYXQwyn5lr528VeK9Sv4Tp15JLO8XygseVrA0USW92LfzHCluh6Vl9S7Gbxetj6Quvjzpdml2sNpJM0hyjKO1Yq/FObxNb+XFE0UIOHyOtZngLwjbNocxvLlUk25jGevFZAt7rSb6RIpo8Zyue9ZexS1N1Vvob3jD4fNrXh+S9igli8obi3Y8ZorE1r4qakuiSab9oKIwwVXt64ornimm7ms+Xobn7N/xOl+Gnje0madktbtwrgnge9fo14R8Uprvh23nifcjqGyDX5F2/igX1ukW7a8Y+U19w/8E/8A46S+I/DX9j3rGSS0wqknJIr9VynFK/smfn+OofbPpvVYrbWbeW3urdJgyEfMM8H618OftXfsrWej+I5LzSYCqzs0jqo+UHrxX3VcrHOiyR4HGDXL+N/AVt4s0maNlUyOuAx61pmeBVX346SM8FiORcstj8/fgr8e/FX7P+rLaWF3PLpckgFxZS5aJlzyQP4T9K+tdW/YD+Gf/BRr4Xvr/h/UR4f8W28JJkibO6TH3XTo4z9D7184ftA/DSb4aeKgZYcJI3yvjhqpfCH42a38BPF9r4h0OabZG+6e1EhVJR39s18ljMNKavHSaPbo1lCXeLPG/iL8Cfil+xr4t1DSdc0q/tNPRysd7HExtbkdmVx0+h5ru/2B/ESSftSeCbm+3wifV4YWlRA7xJIdjsoY4L7GbGeM4zX6PeAv20PC/wC1b8NLuz8V6Xpk1kY/Lud6htoK8hgf51S+Fv8AwSv+HnjP4qeFfG/gLWoLWHStSttR/s2NwY7rypVk8sc8Fgu3PvXi1sby0ZwrLllZq/yPZwVnXpvdXXXzP1N/Zx+DmkeF/wBifwrpV7p9hqb6THPPb/2lbrJ5BeeWRXaM5G4b+R2Oa/F7/goN+xH4x+GXiK6Q2ng278O6lctFa6pYQJFJErEyNGIGYyQopYj5F2EjrX6leKv209W079ge28Xx295pviHVp7u1uVu7JrWezl85t42MBtGCCOBkEEV+XPxR+Ouh6RqFxea7qULXtwxLzXM+Qe5JyfzHevi8txbjVU4a+Xc/UcHgJQlVjXdlzNd9mz1P9lH/AIJX/ED4M/s1a1471XRl8PaNFZwX1tLqUqRXGrrJgArGCWX5WyqsBx9a8p+PXhFfE2nRWt3oTappUTHzm8ss0BwcOjdV/CtXxD/wcI2Xjj4kWthq2l6rq3gmeVI7m0gZZBaSINouoJWZdyDp5JXGPukEc+V+N/8AgsnqejftDa/No2jSXHgORPsWmaVPbW5tpgUw91MyK0pfdkqquF28Ed69yGJzGcrTo+e6/Pub0a2Cp0eWdZO7tonZK34+p03wh+E+p6dZhLDUJ7nTJx8iFirge+DtPpXqem/Ci00d47uaORZoQRtwAE9818w/CX9u/R7HVlsY7kvGvztuiMezn5uPQE/hX0q/x2j1HSUkPkSRyptDjLc8HnHtWGNxWIpTta1zdVMPUpe5K9jyv9h7xdovwz/bS+POh6heJpK+Ir+xlivpEBikcIJFh35+Vt7EgYO7pxXz54SsLnR/GWr6pYDy3g1Cb7RAR90iRgQR7V7p+xj8ItL/AGj/AI2+Ntd1fSbrUotM8QyXX+jzMiSlEQQ+YowzKAmV5GD1zXj3izRbmy13xNd2LKl1c6vdmVkOY9xmcnHtmvbwleE51XF3k1G/yVj4nOYSjhcPdaXnb5tMl8ba3efFPxBAvliOGJcSZPBqzHqH9hWSaaJESINltpyK+d/i14z8W+D4nlMhS3VvmaI/MR3xXbfBfxrbeMfBUTyzv9rk7yHk1fM29T511F8J7/bfEaSx0hIolt2jI2npmvNfiT45SzujHBIkMp5Iz1Fc1c2OoaRf+fNcSNbHsDwK5fx1ZprME9xG7BwOpPWhz1uzLl7GJ4u8WQtqrzbkMh6n1qvJrVtd24uVKrIB0964RLG5u7qVWfhXwM1pXWnTaQEDA4Iz9a6Y1bLlOCak3dHb6D8RZre6TezSqnBXPaug8Qa9bavBHd2m+KbHzA15jYXTu6udqg9TWxB4jFvcJEeEH8WaxrOPJZbnTh5Sv7xoaldTPGzIS8h+8e9FWrjUYY9PkmiCscUV510zsbOVXTrjR9QZZwUMZxzxXtX7IXxJbwf8TLcJLtjnIyM8GuI+JWh/8JV4Pi1ixAYhMyhe1cB4N8XT6VqEFxA5Sa0kBNfeRboVkz5Zr2lNo/ZDw1r41K3ilVg0coBNal7crG3ynHHFeE/sn/EqPxn4BspTPuYoMgnODXtF4ftNmADhl5yK+qn70VJHiLSTizi/jl8JbD4reFpYLhR5oBKOOqn1r4j8U6HcfDLW7rSdSjY7SRFIRgSDtX6BW19G02xyCo4+leaftC/AzTvirosiGJUuVBMco6g/WvKxmD9r70PiR20q3IrPY+GdO8SXfhzVJDBPLHDK3zojlRIvofWvSPhX+07qvgP4r6Fq1hqWq6dpenX1vcXFtBOQJEjlV2G0cdARXAeP/AGofD3VrixvkLbG/dy44cVx97ezaa4lVScHkDuK+ZxFBNuM0erQqtNOLP6DfGP7Svw//bl8JfE3RvC3ibTfEzWFhHq+lQQzCR7WGQMGJUYK4kKZU/MCTnqM/iN+1XoEuhfFqa71vRdQ8U6VagSJpME/l+Y4GHBJB6YB6dOldH+wZ+10/wCyr8fNF8Uorf2Heo+l6/D/AM9LGfCyN65jO2UY6mMDvXpv/BTHRdV8I/ENPFGkQrqtjDKl3DeWo3w3cMoDpMgH8DKODyAcg18AsreX4mNODvGS0b380fpeDzeGNw83NKMlbRarZK+u/d+Zl/s++BPgP8cPh1pOq32veDfA+pXxRZtC1BGd7YiREIZ3QA/I+4Hodjc4ya7/AMb/AAo/Z2+CmkiWH4raBcXSNLE2maLpAvDuVgEJCjG0g5JOBhTgk4z8vaj+1b8L7y1Q6z4DvG1aNN0w0ucRFpO7eW6FV5z0IxnpVRf2sfCCsf7O8DXNlcqoIutamMzEdgBGqhj1wGYe9dtWm2rtz9Pd/P8A4B62HxsFCznG/kv+B+pq+INfn+JXxD1yHTdC02Hwpb3UtnpGtTWf2G51OMn5WdOijaAx4z29a9s8N6dHong5bC5AktbG0VGmZsO20A5UHp9c8Zr5P8XftOzeLb9bOCR0ihlEm5UVcDoFCgYVeeMDjv1qh8ef2pbtvDs9lBckvdxgQru+eNiAGLdOmB7cVwV6VSpKKSsjmlmFKnGUm7v+tDUj+L2q+HI/EviTRNa8Q2F1czC02WFzLCktsXc5kKEZ4IHPvXc/CT4hb/h6LciLyn43M3K5rhf+CZPwy8RfHrxf8ULextp9Q0fw/wDDzWdX1OLcSpEVvm3Cr3c3Hl4wM8Me1eU6F44m0y4jjEz/AGScBjHk19Lh8TCSdOC1Vk/0Z8JiObnU5PR7H0n4/wDh3beMfD4i3Btwzu7E4rx7SZLfwNdS6LdsLaRXJgmHGR6Vq6z+05BpPh60gtoZGeMhXB64rivHvxDsfGc6TJD+9PPSov0ZEpL4keyReJ7K+8J4ur9CY1xnPU1yN1qFla6a6yXCyPICRz0FeSapr00VpsG8KTwAeKjtL2XUbtA8jIu3HWseZth7TQ2WvwmvSCMqUzxWpqd+LuzVGOWFYerWAsUjmhO4qOfei11hJoAWB35wRXRzJ6mL00Op0Wwin0wKFXd61naxpxhb5WIx1q5oN5G4RSeB6U7xTaM8iPEDtPUnpXJJy52jpVuQz9P19NKgYTlmjYfd96K53xLHIbyNYjubuo5oq1Ew5mtD0X4EeNvt9gdIuH3RXS7QD2Nc34w8LHwX44ltmwqS/Mh7EGuK8FeJX0PVoXVjhSDnpXtHxY0ZfGfw+s/EFqC09qAXI6kd6+15va0b9YnjSjyVPJntf/BPL4lmC5vdFmkO5Dujye1fb3h7WzeWKoeSBzX5H/BH4nz/AA6+KFhqKMVi3KJRngqa/UL4deKodd0O0v7WRTHcICfyr3crrqpR5OqPIxlJwqc3RnWzJHaF5Np+b9Kri4W7hKMeM8VJqVypgAz94VzN7fSQyKiNjB6etdTTTMk1JWOZ+MfwVs/HenyfaIVBxlWxyDXxt8VPhbeeCdea0aGSUO+yIohYuScBQB1JPAHevv8Aa8Gq2Jid+cfjX1//AME4v2H/AAlb6pY+PdWgtfE/iaK1Go6b5kYaz0XcSFZc/fuAQfmxiM5C/N8w+S4vzLDZdhPrVZa7JLq+3l6ns5JhK2Kreyp7LVvsu58afsHf8EeY/DlnYeM/jXpT/aZlS50vwZPlPlIys2o45AIwRbAgn/loQPkP2/8AEf4W6B4s8EnWDo9jPqOiubRYRAogaNoT5ERjGESMMhUYGBkDGOnY/GuS6tfHdzLdBSZPQ5wfeuf+B+uDxN4z8WaU6R3EdzaI8cTn5ZPIcAj/AMiN9cV/LOM4txtfO6M68nyttKK2Sa7ettdz+gct4cw1PKansl7ySbfVu66/efkR+3j410/x34+k0uw8IJoGl6YmGD6aoktpuFYMyrn5gowcnAPOc5r5w+Lfw8SKGO4js5ri6vSBFHaMzIq45JweG5U846n0r7a/aw0i/wDht+1H4m057R73Rbm4Wa2CKZFVXydo3A4xyCMHtXkXxn1aOz0K+j0LQruxm25kljXyojlcjOdpI7dMZ6Cv0aGdNcsFt6nhLLJ+zbt+B8OeK7WfwJq0Utw7QnaAIQ+52AzxjHf1ridUvrnxBqEl1cuSzc+yj0FeoeIvhTqWp6g9zdK8LTEtIJDuYn0GecVR+GHwM1L40/GLw54D0VQ2o+Ib+OzRwuRCpOZJW/2UQM59lNexTxsGrtnzeJwNWN3JaH64f8G1PwCT4Yfs9+IPHuqWi/afiLefZ4VdeZNNtyY8HP8AC8hn9iEU1+bn7ZnwHX4AftV+PfBMkPkpoOrzCyZej2kh823YexhdP1r96fgf4N0v4L/C7QvDuixfZ9K0HTY7KzToRFGnlIT7thmPqWJr54/bv/4J/eB/2zXm1+5ln8O+NLOy+wWmtW53Jclc+TFPF0kRWOCwIZVJwTjFeBw5nEXjcRXqv3ZNL7tvwdjHOcI40aVOG6V/vPxbi0caujR3UZi28RyAfeqGTwXNpsnlq24OODivor4p/wDBP740fArTJ11fwbPren2bEtqOhN/aECqP4mVB5qDH99BXkWr3he3QhcSIdrgjBQ+hHY1+grlmuaLuj5pSezOXi8G3rRrG0JIfoTVHUtCfwjIWmVmDcjivTtM1tRYI74BUd6zPHUcHia1UKBkDJxUzp6aFQld2ZxcHiu1vbbZghmGMGsjUZhb3CBWXDHoDVnUPBUokxAScnj2rLfwvcRX4WV2wD69K5Fc6JWOvu7g6DpdtcIC5fBIFSz+O/wC2bKKBo2THtSyypp+l2gID44OazNa8TQI4SOJVYDk4redk7mcXpuXdItoU1lZJMMGOQPSiqfh7Sri6uRc7jgdM9DRW0b2MJyV9Th4pRDLnuK9l+D/xDE3habSp8NbygjB5wa8UmU7i3auq+GU7tePEDtyu4YPevocNWlGpoc1eClEteN9ObRNYAjOE38EenavvL/gn78Uk8W/DldMuJQ11YfKATyQOlfB3xLdpbCG4D5Kttau3/ZA+NM3w1+Jlk5lZbW7IjkHbPrXXg8SqGK8n+px4mi6lK/Y/UtZ/PtwOu2sPxVOunmKbIHbk03wn4xt9cSN0YbZFDA/WjxX4Qu/Gc8NlaQ3FxczuEt4oELySueAqqOST2Ar6urKKVzxaabdkYz+I5rNjIAfm79iK+u/+CWH7Zdx8OviPB4I1WG7vdA8TzhLYQwtPLp903AkVFBJjfgOAPlOG9c6/7JX/AARO8Y/ESzttQ+Jd1J4N0cgP/Z67ZNVnX/aBykA93y3+zX6CfAL9mbwN+zjYLpPw78OafpsjAR3OplTNdTDuXnf53PsCF9Fr8n414wyl4WeAcXWctLR6Po0+6fa/Zn1OTZZiYVFXvy2/LzPk79o74lWmrfE7UbdtunWmkOyss3yvK+eWPGeT+gr5M/Zv/b40zS/+Chnh34cJZzpbarZX0V1qtwPLimnlV/s8cOfvAyR4LHjOAM817v8AH3w5qPh/4s6/aasJL69tr90n+1OztOFbgMx5KsuOc5wa+Jv+Cnfwim8OWXhv4reHtOuvsGjxNpmrPYRkyaN5cpmtrghfmCKXZSw+6dhPBJH8wYDDRxGaKdeLbd1HolJa7d97eh/RdDGRo4D2MJJJpXe90z239trWlu/jH4e1PToIomuLSWCdyg2ySJJnqRjPzfrXzZ8UvhMNbv5LvUb1y0z79qnOf6AVnaX+3JL+09Y6DLqN3bSX2mgpLcwyqkdxI2AX46FtuSOxzjivRrE6V4o1uPSbItrGuSriO0tVa7uWJGQBGmWP5V9FiXWo1VGzv6anVhXSlQvdW9T44/aC8LW2gQSR2hAUDBYjn8D3r37/AIIv/scf2ZFqHxc8RwNbNqobT9CLp+8Frn99NGvUvKw2KeyKxPDV7Z41/wCCSF3c67pd78VvEVj4dsXT7Vc+HrZi1/HHgFUuJR8kTEfeRSzKDglTwPToPFy3t3b6T4RtEstB0q2SwsVgi8qCCBAFVUHZOOO7YySavE8RqjQeGoe9Vej8vXz8vvPl8fh416qn9hde/p/mereIvHUNtZtDsZbu4wIraLHm4AAVQP4VAwNzfWslbPNjK146SXM6bAif6u2X+4nqfVuprD0exTQoGMkhe4k5llb7zf8A1qsrriSNtjV5W7AAmp4do14fE29b/efN53UpVPhOoeVJlinjJSZBjcCQwPsRyK8g/aM/Yq+G/wC1LbSSeJdFFprRUqms6Zttb4H/AG2A2ygekisfcV6VYWuo3aZ+zvGh7EVoJpjj/WZz0NfqOV4+NCCpyknbz1sfCY7DynL2kFY/Lf48/wDBGH4k+BTcXXgrUbPx5pSEskCYs9SVfQxMdkhA/uPn/Zr5a8Y+CNb+F+qy6brljeaXqUQxJZ3tu0E0fvtYA496/fe3tBHwCcfWuV+O37MXgv8Aav8ACo0HxloEGtQoD9muQfKvNPYj78M4+aM+3Knupr6RY6jKN4s82EqqlaaPwKl1xJ90fMTr3qrd63ax2Ukcg3TkcEda9/8A+CkP/BNHxZ+xD4ns7i3nl8S+BdamMWnayItktrNyfst0q8LLt5Vh8sgBIwQVHzb/AMIVfWamSUGppVPae9T1R6E3b4tyyt6z+H42bqp79aypoU1O9U55Y4FK8mY2idmj2c+gqTwfbLqOrqM4VOa0XvNIhtpXO1it2s9LijQhSoFFWmzFZv0cgcUV1HKjx0tldp6mt/4b3H2XxdZg42udtcrNdtFNnApbXX5rK+ilU7TG2QRXqqqoSTkaypOUdDtvidqCQarfWQUAZ3r7Vy/hvVnsp0lR8NEwYEe1TWF9/wAJN4mne5c5eMnP0rHtJlt5ZFL4AYisa9S8vaLa7FCn7vK9z9MP2Q/FerfF/wAOeH7bQLabVNTv5orKG1hG6SaV2CKijuSxAr99v2Hv2DtG/Y28GW2ra6lprHxIvIQbq82h49J3DmC3z0x0aTqx6YHFfjH/AMGjfgFfiN+094o169TztH+GWmf2lFvGVN7csYYB9VUTOPdRX9AFhqseqX8t9fuFgDYVScZr43jnjKpyxy7Dys2lzM68pylRbrTXoaUENzrefMLLC5yQD973NbemW6acqxxqFA9qoWfjLTpECxOox2B6VOl+tzIGRxtPOc1+XU5UoNTjK7PbkpPRqyPFP22/2WLT4waFP4m0kxWniXTIQJQ3EeoxL0Vj2dR0b04PYj4N1W2vtEi1OyMLw3ixlJraYYzt9R3OM89wa/VDULdryzu4HBeK7VouO2R1/WvmTxB+z3b/ABo8A63BbWbnxdpd+E0yeIhHVtnzRSk9YjtJ9jyK+dxmZVaGaUZU6fxXf/b0Wn+K+d0fS5XX/wBllGpL4bL5PT8D5s+DP7O/wc+HdnpnjrWvhl8OrvxNcp51sJdGtnGxhxJIApDM3UDGQOSRnFdr4s/bF1LRopY/CukaD4Ze6Hk+bpOmRW1xKMYA3gbsAe4rpfhz+xHqHgjXf7c+Kc+m6f4Y0uKS4uLKDU1e7uNgyqAKCoVmwCAQSDxVzXfFnhPxz4euJ9K+Huh6TqF8nkQzPbKv2K3H3dgHWQ8kueeg9a5OJcwzHE154jGYp04ybtCLasuztq/m9ddEj2ssrYSEVCjQ9o1vJ2a/y+5aeZ8teJ/Dd94snkuvEGoPMkjeY8buWDHOeSfvH36fWpPD1jf6t/omgaaxiXgzsNqfmetej+IND0Hw1++1KUXUiD7jn5fyrjvEHxzMEfkaZCkEK8KcYx9AK8nKWkuXCQcn3eiNMzryqa15cq7I3NH+DsFqgn1vUBLJ1MUZwoP1rXTU9E8Mri2hgTbxkgFq8lbxfqmtS5aeRiT64xWro3h+81OUeY7EHqM19rh8FWlFSxday7LRHy1bE007UKd/Nnaah8R1u5NkKZ54PrU2m+bqQ3MuAapaVo9loq7pZFLD35rf07UI7lQsSAKepxXoxxlKjG1CPzZxSw86jvUfyJbbSWciMDJPU+grX0vS5XcQWcf+82MZ9yfSksZlk/coRk8yOeij1robYpZ2apErLG3JJHzSe5/w7VlUz+rH3Vv/AFqaUsqhL3mZHin4E+G/i74S1Lw74utodb0TWIDb3lk+RFIOoIbqHVgGVhgqwBFfih/wU6/YP1T9iH4qf2PG9xqXhTXEa68ParIBvuIlxvhkxwJoiQG6BgVYdcD9zbOcBxk14Z/wVM+CVv8AtA/sWeJ4xYrfa54PhbxDpBC5lVoVzPGv+/B5gx3Kr6V9Fw5n9eGItUneMtGui816fl8jhzHLqfs/djZo/nk1/wANSvpBYDMmea3PhT8EPFWoRJqVvoWs3VlP8kUkFjJKkh9iBg/hXpP7Knwxi/aO/aQ8O+E2Qf2drl+iTyBsbYh8z499oI/Gv6UvC3wg8B/s+fBXSra10nTYrDRbRAf3ajaFWvoc+4po5dVglHmk/O2hzZXk08XGTbskfzO+KPAGqeAVhi1nR9T0y5mGVF3bPDuHtuAor9Av+Ck/7afgv9oP4h6p4atNN07+ytL2rNOFUSKxPO0HnOO470V6GC4jjWpKdWDi303OXFZQ6dRwhK6PzN+LP7LmsfD66Cy2M6BuhK5BrgLn4YX6IWNu4APOVPFfqD4u/aK8CeJn8q7itrjy+pIFcf4i+LXw6s9PYDT7JkPX5Rmv3DE5DhZNyU1Y/P6Gd4hJKUHc/Om18LS6dqayGRV+Ug8VkXnhiU3z4IILHHGM19qeLfGfw6uJzPb6TZkltwO1a4/xN4g8H+IrqNk063Qrx8oFeDiskocvKpo9Kjm1Ru/Kz9OP+DRDwbNpnwF+MmoBCjX/AIn0nT9+OWVLW4kI/Avmv1nt9UHjnxTLplpIHgsn2SbT1bPTivhX/g3F8P6Z4H/4J7eLvEVhCIhqXiy9uVI6MbaxiQfkXavtv/gn34XluPCfiDxFelpGu9SMcJbnJVRvb/vpsfhX8xcUUfb8QVcJTd9dfSKVz9Jy+pbALES8rerPWdN+Gdvp9gCzFGxyc1nzQSaVOyxklB710fiPWQqFcsB6DrWINSgKESNtGO9eTiqNCMuSlpbqRTnUestTQ0/Ul1KyWFiUdTkFeor5x+PP7Uln8MfGGu+G/C1xY6Vq09xnVr6WRfN8zaBsiU9APX1zXr3ibxlbeHLFrmNpT5Y3DPAPpX5tfH3xlB46+Jms6lqMt3dT3Fy5V5ACwTJ2r24A4FeBmdapOKjTlaX8yV2tLadvke9k9CmqjnVjePZu339zvPiF8R4jH59/q9zqtxKclpJjIAfXrgVy2s/H25giaK1IjUrtHOSBXkGuNbXMlsLNZkZZQZCVwCg5I6/SnyyGUcnA9zXBguH1O08RJy9dD18bmqV40Vb0NTXPEtxrdyzySM7Mckk5r1T4WfsO+O/i18NT4o062sYLORyLWG9n+zzXygcyRgjG3PAJIz2q7+yn+xT4l+MniLTNX1LT5NN8HxzpLcXNyNhvY1OSkSnlt2MFsYAPWvuX4wfHDQfhBcaPpJsp9Q1jVsR2WnWafu7WIEIGcgbVGcKq8FjwBX1+Fw//AC6oLVJv7tfyPlsRiG3eep+bWveFNZ+F+smw13SrzTLxekc8ZUOPVT0Ye4JFTadrF/qEgjtozzxntX198ePHsHjLwK9lqVlZzmfO2Ge3L+U3qh6oenIr5NstdXQtQktzEAY2I65HXtUSxFlzRjdm0Kd9JOxvaL4JuJ4xNcszkDJFbVuxi2xRKFwcVU8OeOBcXKxTKNrfLmtbV4Dp3m3EQ34TMSD+8eF/UivKq5lV5n7XpsejDBQsuQ0/DEcmp6mLSJeEYeac53MO30H8810uryraXfkq28RDB9zVbwd4cl8B6PJLd4N1JHuznOCf61kC9e+umXJaSRs59K8z6z7Sr7r0X5naqHLDVG1BeDdgGtO0dbgbZEWVTwyN92RTwVPsRkfjWBAwgkCDBYjk56VpWDbT948V7+AxbhJSR5uKoc0WmfHv7Ef/AARG0H4HftnXHi7+3Zf7Es57i40yF5AqxxyMSiEeqKdv4V7H/wAFZf2hR8Hvgpq2h+ELfVfEWtalE0KJaQvMkWRjcxHQfWsn9vX40t+y9p/h3x1/YUuraZd3y6VqEsUpU2jsC0LsM42th1z67fUVyuu/8FTvCE3hKIXHhyILIgLNsVm6d69XHYfE4rEQxNSPOlt6LoeThMwlhaVShHT/AIJ+N+v/ALPPxX8c+MDqaeGNbkmvWzI0VuVVPwor9U7b/grP8F7O48ib7PaSg4I+zsdp/AUV9GsdjrJKjb7zwPr+p+UJ0y+uIZEQOdp5bPFRjwpfFQskqEv/AAnk16dafs7+MdCvHtntZpWPUBc8/Wt/w3+zr4mvNSRZNNImY/KWHT61+5TzeD+0fGKjY8QsPhFrHiTUVgQLCHOFLcCpT8Atbsr+WJgH8lsbl5DV9K/8KO8SaJqCx3FokgzyUH3a7PRvhrJaPE0sI+b72RmvNr5tHdO5cdD9S/8AgkN8LJ/hZ/wSC8AWssZjuNabVNRmHc/aJ5AhP1WJR+NfcH7NVjF4a/Z88N2sWA8lsbuc5/jldnP48/pXz1+yM5tv2J/C+kafEGm0rwnaXyQnnzBvZ32/mw9uK95+AeqReI/A9v8AZ+bO1UeSB2yBgH/dCkfU1/NmIxsp57XqrefMv/Jv+BqfqcaVsthHs0/vX/BOg12WSQ9cZ6Z5Brn9RfywWdjIRzjtXR67EIkJJwq8n3rzrxr4xj0+Jjv9guQCx9BWNe3UjDq60OZ+J2qtqFpJb5YNIOQh+6v/ANfp+dea2X7NvhfxjeK2qaWt0Zhk5YxsP+BKc5rob7W31TUnjkdSZRljkBcegrsvBxjgWA8FgmAevzAnP864Gle56d+WGh4f4e/4JmQ3XxjuWu9Qf/hCAnnQLDJ/pjM2R5BYg42nnfg5GO+a9y+Gv/BP/wCGPw41CPUf7GuNZuom3RnVLg3EcZ7EJgKfxBr0fw1mWQEkf41s6nqi2NvgYz6V30p+7zSPNq1Jt2RX1nUktYcABUUYAHAUDsPYV85ftUfHHw54H1iC5vZrma6Cr9ms7aELucEEPJMeRghiAvPzdRzXpHxI8cx6dZTSM4ATk84AHcmvjP8AaG+P0HiG9l02NUuYM4ZJIgex/LqPetKGOq0JupSdnZq/k1Z/ga0sLGaSmrowfGnx81Dx1JIxkmjR8fulbAX34/WuXVJL5hIy7yepJrN0TTzPN8gXB5A9K7fw/pMZZEuI2Un0Bwa8qrjlTPYp4RS3KWlKowFPzDmvT/Dd1A+jQ3dyBttCrNnoSpyP1ArGm+HMN1aebZS4lX+EjGaw/FviJtA+Duthw8dzbSxIy9/mkVf1zXhYzFqrF8m56mFw/LJRkemS67PrOhNIxLy3svyY/hUCqmnmLTbSZgwkf+8Oij2qPxFdvpGh2em2UW66kQRj/YGOap6lD/Z9ta6YrmW6lIMpXt9TUYRe6kVXerZr+H4WvLee9l4hT7uT1NX7GYTW7sv3I+/qaqXBmvI4bG1U/Z7dcEgcE9zV/T9PK2IhIyc9q9WliLO5xTpaWOZ/aF+D1l+0R8APFHhC+QPHq1kTD6xzxkSRMPcOg/Ovz/0n9jTSH0RImuGMvZWOcV+nGiotpIOpCnnJzmvlf4leHbbwv8Qdc09Y9gtLyQxleyMdy/owr7vK8a5UUos/POKJywrjU6O6/wAj4q179gLRTrMzNI5kdsjAwKK+pJ7W189pJSTG5z93kGivoo4ypbc/Pp5jO+h1kv8Awjs93JLBZRzSL3Cg5qS1fw+85e6tYrcqOFC8mtyx8Ow6VYvHHZXGP75jOKqS+B7ko80UCsxGQZFPFYTxi3u0fQyw0zkNdudInu2S0shICeWZelZtxoekyljLBEm3qABWvqOlak08guUEaA/8s161BNokQTbtZgw5DU3irLRmKotu1j7k+Aupf8ID8PvhLOX8rTdZ8OfYZCDkIkksqqf+AsUJr1f9jbU5YNR1zRJQwwPtCDH3GD7WH0yc/nXmFh8Mbmw/Y2+FjTRy272+l4dW+9Gs0jyIR+an2yK7r9kHXGu/GOqtKwW+lsWSQ9Azh13MPr1/E1+SYnEypcQKEtFzt+qkv8197P1ehCM8p5uvKl84v/I7743fEKy8H2rrLMqbTjGeSa+R/it+0zA906W7q7qD0fAUenNYH7S/xU1Lxh4pv7iO7kNlHM6xrzhgrEV88a9qU00zFpD3AHtXoyxqqSbQ6GB9nHU+lfAPxBa/aC88xZWjYGR26L/kZr2jwrrbWqgmTcYpQ3XqG/xr45+AniwzSzadK2FZg6jcRn16V9G/C/xM15p1lJMVRpybZ88BWH3T+NZSlrc1lTR9N+EbnZa+YT8q8gk5PPP9a5/4g/EFLEyKZcE8jjqKXw1JLd2iwJNulVQTz3PFfNf7YPxWuvBGvrp0L7ZpFYtzkrk49ac6zSS6HHRoKc3cg/ag+MtvaaBc21vMWuGQjgfdJ6fyNfJVrdf21fkzSOSzEhm6g10eravP4lvWWaYkuMEk8n61Sh8DT2ziWEZHXr1rCeMilZux6lPCtFyx0jWrAK9mVlA6IwyGFdBpnj/xJpEYSbw9NIo6HYSPrT/Bfi+40thBKkYKfd3gda7WLx5qMcXyCFQe6jJrya+MbdpwT/A9CnRXSTRj6X8Z9RVh5uh3kKA8t5ZwP0pnxu8QW2v/AApkv4RmOO/sjeKg+coLmJjn6AGta48capJEfLuHQgcgYxXFeL/GsF9pd9Za2tvDBeKqtexIUKAMOJFHBH+1jIx6V5c6vvqShb53O+hTvo5XPXLi/km1u4kjQrBCOWAy0je3oKPBPh6bXdblu7kGK3iOTuPLe1T6C0B8JW9082y3MCuXBy0ny9R2wfWrdnqY07wsZ2DR/az+7DdcetdtGo1G0euhy1ILm1NG+1mKBGEQEcI4AXAzTrvWV07wwWX/AF038XfH1rlYLqK8uk82RpRn7oHan+LtcE8scMfyxxDivQw9K8lE461RJNm74YvHcncxORnmvNP2k/DtvZeMLTVtq41W2CMCPvSR/Kf/AB0rXb6DdPNJFBFkzzHAA61jftc6d9i+FMFy6/6RpF/EMjt5ilWH57a+ty2o4y5Ez4nirCqtgZS/l1/r5XPH0sYLt/LS1U++KKy9D8VrNZshmjt5VGdzEc0V9Iuc/GpRdz0nwv8AGDUdRkmtrrRZ4oYnxlo+orL+I/xA1CaMJpdhPHE3DsUIooq5xjbmaP06UVeyMPTFuXeOaeaWRRy4Ixim+KraOBTJDmTd3A6UUV5tepJPQmnBN2Z+hfxR8QXej/s4eC9P1MwtJd6NZD7VGuIUlESELkdPl6Z4ODXGfCC7ufDXjiC8gMci3Eckcmxv4TG3P4cH8KKK/KuKK04ZxGSeqlH80fpGT04vL7W3TPCx4IfxpYalCZPIh0+3nv7mYru8uNFz09SxUD3NeQfEj4H+IfBvgrTvEt9bxppOrbfJcOC+GBKkr2BxRRXq5frRhLyHiJtVXHz/AEOe+E+tnR/iNpMpb5DcrHIvqGO05/OvedC1SbRfjq2gu7RxXUfnQljjcwUc/U0UV3yRi97H1X8C7+S98WeVM24yqEJIwcqOuPfbXxL+2drz3v7ROr2rTPIbJtiqx+73wKKKxq/wl8/0MqH8ZvyR5pKTa3CSqOABn2rqdD1/bGhO0o4wfY0UV5deKauz16D3Nq50ay8TwLgiCcfdcetZ39laz4cm+RxNEOR3oorz/aOL5d0dDXUvWWty3hImhZX78YFZvi3QxqenTZUNlTwR2oop1EFJ63NX9nHWLrxJ4Hh0W5nLto989lyMlYAA8Y/75OPwr0HxbetfawlrCN0cIxjoFFFFddD40RiNmQWdxDZNLJFhyo257Csg6kNRvmVSXlLYAHPNFFe1hIq7keRXk3FI9P8ABeip8P8ASv7SvtpvZ1xEjD7g9frXE/tIxXPi/wDZ28WNaK015Z2ovwo5P7p1c/8Ajoaiit8rqylXVR73OXNaMXhZ03s4v8j4Lk+IF3IjExM7Ac4yaKKK/R7I/Cmkf//Z" />
  <div style="flex: 1; min-width: 0;">
    <h3>Nitesh Balusu</h3>
    <p>
      <strong>Programmer</strong><br/>
      Will work on developing the wallet and auxiliary services and servers.<br/>
      Email: niteshbalusu at protonmail.com<br/>
      Nostr: <code style="word-break: break-all;">npub1qgwhaaa2lsp54rl0hfx7qa3z678ax6wlre0em475rhpvl7n54cpqgg7y7n</code><br/>
      Telegram: <a href="https://t.me/nitesh_btc">@nitesh_btc</a><br/>
      GitHub: <a href="https://github.com/niteshbalusu11">niteshbalusu11</a><br/>
      $80k
    </p>
  </div>
</div>

<div style="display: flex; align-items: center; flex-wrap: wrap;">
  <img width="140" height="140" style="margin-right: 25px; border-radius: 75px; flex-shrink: 0;" src="data:image/jpeg;base64, /9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQEAYABgAAD/4QAiRXhpZgAATU0AKgAAAAgAAQESAAMAAAABAAEAAAAAAAD/2wBDAAIBAQIBAQICAgICAgICAwUDAwMDAwYEBAMFBwYHBwcGBwcICQsJCAgKCAcHCg0KCgsMDAwMBwkODw0MDgsMDAz/2wBDAQICAgMDAwYDAwYMCAcIDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAwMDAz/wAARCADIAMgDASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHwAAAQUBAQEBAQEAAAAAAAAAAAECAwQFBgcICQoL/8QAtRAAAgEDAwIEAwUFBAQAAAF9AQIDAAQRBRIhMUEGE1FhByJxFDKBkaEII0KxwRVS0fAkM2JyggkKFhcYGRolJicoKSo0NTY3ODk6Q0RFRkdISUpTVFVWV1hZWmNkZWZnaGlqc3R1dnd4eXqDhIWGh4iJipKTlJWWl5iZmqKjpKWmp6ipqrKztLW2t7i5usLDxMXGx8jJytLT1NXW19jZ2uHi4+Tl5ufo6erx8vP09fb3+Pn6/8QAHwEAAwEBAQEBAQEBAQAAAAAAAAECAwQFBgcICQoL/8QAtREAAgECBAQDBAcFBAQAAQJ3AAECAxEEBSExBhJBUQdhcRMiMoEIFEKRobHBCSMzUvAVYnLRChYkNOEl8RcYGRomJygpKjU2Nzg5OkNERUZHSElKU1RVVldYWVpjZGVmZ2hpanN0dXZ3eHl6goOEhYaHiImKkpOUlZaXmJmaoqOkpaanqKmqsrO0tba3uLm6wsPExcbHyMnK0tPU1dbX2Nna4uPk5ebn6Onq8vP09fb3+Pn6/9oADAMBAAIRAxEAPwD5YVwWxxz7UroobnlhShhtUjkkZpfs5R8hsk/pX5E9j9EGQx7DkAY9SelTRgYwpzjvSRxlRtNSwgeXx0FKIESptY5zzSxAFs4pS21jjDYPIbtRuVznHP6U7oAIIb1ppkAODxTy+BkDGOKfBEMluoI6GhMCFlO5eOPemyLltuOCM5zTmYrJ7EZ+lRrP5kjgKxC8HiqS10GkyMBiBtPHcHvUkLAMRyMdc0yafYuAB9SelMM6WigyTKN3Qk9a0mrIcmki00ioCT0HWo929+D8prE8QfEHTvCgBvZlRpW2Rhjwx9PrVzQ/EVl4lt1ks5UY7ct2xWajK1+hmppuyZoL1ORmmBtrA46clTTG3xyHvj3pglPmZP8AEazdzWKadyK/fbKhIGwknArNu1Es0bKzLhslQM7vatO+AeVBxg8fSqTQ4dccANhia5XTvI9mk1ZI3tYsxdeItPt4ZvNI05ZGKjCxt/EvvTNEiY2+jBflDXbFnxnOK2UsRH8QoVKwQRx6KJGC9XJU9fU1W0q0RrDwYEJVJ7iXcO54rBxtI0uYci7/ABNqbZDFbl+o96saiRlMctjk0SCO38X6tGQwAuZB9Bnin3qCZ1xwPUdq5JOzNYbFRJDHEc44obgjGeRnGacyF4icZPoad5O0gE81PMWVZSFl6Dp6UU+5X59rK3HcUU7gaKOWJG1dvqKU8c881HbRhHYAEZ55NSpJglcE4PWvdbPlwU8DqakRsDgYFQ+Tjcd2MmpRllAHGB+dCdgGsuST3HSk67ckZJ6U5sI3zde1D4VsAZNICNY2TIakWUrnGRT9xZjnHHWmPhI8nG2k2NK5HJc+VCSxUAdz2rzj4hfGv/hBvF1rD8rWMkJkkcdWPoK6jx9fJb6STNJHb265Vnc4Gcd6+Vfin8Rh4rubeFQAljGbcuOfNwcAj2wK9bK8NKrrY5MViFT0Pbtc/au0iHR2lgIefBKR4ya8Wl/aT8VXNxdSJf7Ukcsg2gmMHoAe1cNdXXlhAqkrjovJNQveJACpQIz9Aepr6Kll9JaNHkV8ZUmrHReJfiJrniuztm1HUZLmC0kMiKSPvnv71Y0v41aroLbrS/kid0CPGBkEVx0UMk+9iYZFIztQ5K49feoTAscm47S3fnIANdUcDRkuRo441pwlzJn0Z4F/bRtbOzWDWI1keIAB4uSw9xXe+G/2mfDPilljFysUjHhZBsr43+zRuC3Ax+Yq5pfhttVdtjtG44BB7+9c9XIsPK7jozshmtaO+x94/bbe/tUuLaaOWByFDKwOCeO1PjH7p927ax28cbQeM+9fEng3xTqfhfXAguJ0FtKBNEkzBZMdh719I+Cf2nvDd3Z2VvdRXdhK7iB5pZfNSBz90kjGQffpXz+JyarSbmtUfR4TOaNSyk9T6DMJ1P4hRBbazsvsnhlAEtx/rCqH945/vHvWb4Vm+02HgqBuCJppGYDkZHBrcvdGit/HIkRhGP8AhGY5GZD8r5jzn8cisrwhYJv8DqzBBeNPvkbJ2BR/9evnKifOkz3VZ2aOdvUH/CW6m27Cm4kVSeSwB61JsAQgjbmpdQt1i12+XKuq3UqqQP8Aap0sG5h0wRXmz6m0NisELt04xjrSxDax+XPHWpYIC7EEZ2mkEUisQDkHtmphFvYsrXW5uNoJ64oqSaJmjGVClTyaK05UtwLMkaygqpx70+GPbzkk0CPe3TAHFORNnevaPlyMNlvunbnBOakVSrHJzTvLyuAKa8TEjJwAecUADoG5IyRUZQu4KdD1qRASMhTTlxE+fWgCFk+ZvVqgnfyI2ZsBI1LOxOAoHUmpZB5z8EjmvO/2qfEz+GPg3qckEzW7XLrbtIF5ww5A+tbYei6lRQIqVOSLkzwv9oX49t8UfFA0bTZmh0DTyQHXg3b92J9M15nqF0I3WONdoA5YN0qhZTiK4DFVP49PSraeXLMJGzjoc9DX3FChGlDkgj52VR1JtsIbw2kgn25KjAJ5zV3W5NPuNMX5P38nzNkggD2qLW3sLOBTDKjs3zbR/D7Vi3N8J5QFWMK34YroiZVLbBJGs0BVXaOPOSowufrTQkdtBGo27WboDhn/ABp0FoJI8SAtg5PoamS1VmDBPmUEY7KK2p/EY2GK8YaRkIhbGSmN2fb61esNUvvDrxvBp8xupT+5M0JIkPUHaeoqKyhgsd07DztuCVJ2k/Q0+fxRqDvNM9/d7ZOcNLu2LjAQH0ArosQ10OyvPiX4o+KEFkmrWmkXbabEUjktrOO22p3LbB8x7ZPNUdPl0/UL2a3hSKFSheY+YXWMetYOla3LHaSrATCtwgiZkPUVreA9EN3qshWyubnT7JBLcrHGWdx1x7L6mlFLmuKNotNdD7l/Z+1XUtb+HlpdahdnVYY9Ea0trxAQJYo12qDn0H8q7bwufJm8BwBgyJBcScdCSRXjn7LPxE134jXlzFJeQQ6RpOmXCCyjCQwWqmPCRqo5LHjk5yc9K9k0m3FvL4G8xhEfs820ucKDuHIx2r83zmgoYp2P0LK67qUE2cjflRrN2FwM3UpIz/tVI0hLKABuHFR3SeZrNySRtaeUqw6H5qmRNjA9wOtfPSij2qa924lvKzod3yk/rUkKnIU1CULHbjvnNLhhIOWIB9aIpWG0Q3W5idv0JNFE+fMCtk96KdiG9S8xPGBnNJjJOKQnzHQjIGcGpQuSa9k+ZECk0oj9cGnhMJQQABQA1RhuOgFMchsKckntin4xn3prqGxk4NNblRZA4XccKdwr51/b38dCLS9K8NxDCzubq4YDrjhRmvoe5nIRzg8dDXzJ+3rbob7w9KComkEoYDuoxXqZZBOvG5xY+TVNnzxKXhYKQOf5Ve020kmdkyST6nioJoprhVyoLxjJ4wSK3vBfhabUbR7uORQgkWNQesjE9vpX1FWrGmuZni4ehKc+VGTF4XvdQkcRxNLg8bBnpWrb/CLWpEjMdlO5b5g2wjAr7W/Yy/Zttba0F9d6ZHcXlz95pIyVA9ga+m4fgjoelWbm4063lkKghSMBfwrwa3EsYtxitj6ihwvzQUpM/I648Eaxa3ghNnMWzggKRWzbfCfVmskC2cpkkOTx1H9K/RnXfgFo+u3Usi2lvCc8FR0rGuf2f7bT4cIInI9B2rNcQyeqR0f6qRtq7nwVbfAS/mKtdI0cY59cfWsPxr8MdR8PxvMsCy22ecDJUetfbPxE+E8GpWxtkjaIHnKnHIrzdv2X/EPieRbSDWnMcz7fKEA+76ZFejgs0qV5pdDycxyWNFe6j5N01mLtCqtux0BGR34rvvBb6jZXF7NobanJptnbg38wUgMD1Q7eSD0r039pT9iTVf2eNB0/UL4W2y+O/ehyxBPBzXDeAH1pIZtL0mK4trdY2uJ54CwlmVRyM56D6V9FClJT1Plqt4s93+ADa/c2GpX0Nla6TqGoWIDxWemo1rZ2oXJXzC3ySMOT1bmvfLVlvH+H4OCPssoBYcFdw7V53+zj4Vm8F+A7qFv3q3WlPOSGyTuXgn1Nd3ZM0+seC4i+3y7SQKWGBGd2TX59ndSMsU7eh+gZRS5cPF9zmA4NxcfLyJ5Of+BGp1PmDjseaqRREST4UDM8hJ9fmq2uE+7ye4r5tvoe9uriKh5DN8o5yegqGObeTjGAanuotkOd2Qx6elRbeAPepRIxzmXnHPeiicBXIx06UUwLGTJOuDgZ5qRNzS5A4psalXyMVPCCMkivYPlxwHy02NtxwVx/WlAY/SlxxQA2RcHpwajdRIvsOvrUrqSc7m47VHInl4IIwfzo8wIblRJDtB4r5s/b70w/2f4evYwdscrwuR2JGRX0hccDPQnjivGv207db74PTqu1pba4jm56gZ5r0ssm/rCOfFrmpM+e/hH4Gl+Iniax00IZpLl9rBDhtvr9K+zfgr/wT3tdM1u2u7ueYwWrCSO2AGN+eprw3/gnF4K/t34najrMgzBotlv68KzHA5r6W8V/8FCNC+HmsTaVpthc6mbNvLuLiMbo1cdVFGcYivOq6VPY9jI6FGNH2lVan1j8Lfh5DoOmxII8uAAOgIA7cVseL/CjXMJGEQn2r5k+GP8AwVN8G6u6QXhu7CfjmSL5TXrll+1j4f8AHzqlndrIQMg9M181PDVIptxsz6mnVjL4GbMfgdEieIqCx7gVj6v4KjsQSvLn1rUtfiTbXRaVJsbeGHYiua+IPx20XRbNzcXEMWBnczAcVFONWWyN5VFHd2OC8eaEsEhIA3gHHpUvwF8Jrr3j22jkUFRKOg715j8Tv2yfC2nXDot5BcyAZCp8xIrf/Y8/bf8ABd78V7C0u5TYKZAVndcR7vQn0r7bh/CTVRc58nnmKg4SUWey/wDBY74UxaH8IfCFs9p5yapGqQyYxgnnGR1HFfH+m6Vb+FLzw7Y/2fbzyX1rJDJJHJw+OCOO+K/T3/gqd4KT4wf8E9h4qsGW5u/Bc0V3E0DZElvIQjEEdRg1+ZXhmwkl8QeEYJVBeytZJuWBBO/lif0r9LnCMaUp9j8pnUnKqo92em+GNKt9Bj1SygV1gsNKESqzbscZIz3qxo2b3xD4UTJT9w+8kZ3En/Cmy4ivdbxhGktCDt6cil0e5Ka34cbkCG0Y/wC8Sf5V+H5jWviW/M/W8JDloxXkc/5oFxIFbBDtk/jU6AFgQx6enWqiRMkshyDlzx2HJq6Bkg4xxXkOfvHpR+Gwy5uMnaQW9MCo1lXr+FSXVuJVDHj6VXA8xhk/dNVzC5USSOGIBX7vU0VHIo8xmHU0UuYOUuBVLjIP4VMsbEj5sD0ojKrJkDI9alJ3rxXuNM+WsLjC+tNRcnrSnAXB+XNKF3DoBjvmkXBaEQgMkxwelNaEbsNuNPRsSEgYx+tIrFyetWkuptyq2xDNaC4dQdyheawviP4V07W/A+px31m95BJGI9q43hm4DD6V0TqN3fNbXgawt9b1Q6fckBb393z2PY/nWtOr7OXOuhvSoU6n7trc8n/4JyfCG98NyeP9PuYXjns50t9rrtJUqSCfwxXXeI7Lwp8ANOn+2aLBey3krODIg5Zjkkk9AK95+DvhmLTPjv49YRCKO6ntAFx97EABzmrX7Qf7Otr4+tDJFbKWjwV+X7h9RXDVzBzruTPdpYKFOlyRPgj4z/GTwp/avl3PhCLS7plWWBfs5iaSNuQwHUqQOtb/AMFr+P8AtmFLK1vbV5CD5TAhgG5H4V678Tf2eZfiPfac+s+GIdR1LSQIbe9YlBsByqsB1A969V+B/wCy8dL1KLUtYG+4lw24gARqOgHsK7cViaUqS5dzPA4SrGo29ipr3w68SaJ4ATUVSXY0ZZiuM4xXxv8AGnxp9rupo7+ecrHkYU8n2r9Q/jNDFF8NBbxAiMwmMY4yMV8NeIv2btO1DxYupSx/aZYGEsUbDKBxyMjv+Nc+X14QlzTOjMMNUqRtA+UrS38Kw6kG1eC6RpMLtAJkGeRkflX3N/wT/wD2MfAfx+txcTW9xY2zq32CZoiFvZI1DSRbum8Dnb1xXjvjz4VW3iv4mx+J9W0z/iZW+1XSIBYZ9gwhZR6Cvc/Cfi+Pwt8Gbex8Larr8XiXWtUOpaqB8ljb7F2R+Sg+7JjO5xyQcGvrsHj6MZc9z5HFZbVnF0/xP0+b4ZeHrr9inxF8P9NfzrO80C6t0ViGYOIS6qD2wVr8rP2UPgRrvxvsbK2tBpem3U0AjN9qEq29qspbCRB2IyzEdB61+g//AAS38O654s0+LT7+Wae3kjuJZ5JmO75o2yT+dfE2rfDa8+IHwxtIYtSS2h+Hni+K1WwgUqfK+0SbpWPdhtz3xX1mLxy+p83c+YwOUKeKcJv4TlfFOjXnhnxPr+l3y+Te6crW1whIO14ztYAjqMg81U025VdR0pWXcUtmCt3APNaPxA17/hKfiJr1+h8xdWlkkDk5O1iefyA/OsUsU1S3OSFRSvHGeOlfjGIlzVHI/QaatFIo2sYWSQ5LAsfwqySGcDOOKq6eGE8mOm7pVmZCWPQLXnP4juprQS5fYiLjgnrUcIAY+nvSzKyhQvQnnPpSRMIyTy2DU1L9BSTEuAoc7cYx2opZ4/3uRjB60VSkrAmaAUCnxjGc09+MUnlNuyTkelfRyd0fM8t0K0WV65NAiUgjn35pwAx0pGHArMqKsrETKEkwB1pACZFB4ycYqZRhTnio5EEW0jPPOauxomIxwSO1PtL7+zLhJ1yHjdWBHbBqC5lIHBGapSykKw2l2x09ab2sdFOrGMkfSPw08UWviX4oavqFmyyRXQtixHciEA//AK69vs7OO8t2BUcjvzXxj+x78WbLxjqGofZ1eCXT2WC5iPBDpkEge9fYXhjVFuLMuMmNhkE9a8KvG03F6H0tKanG6JrjwHaSMsjpHlSCTWLdXdtqfisWcEgWGDAmccL7AHvWj4t8WtZ2QggVmuJyANo/KvA/2rdW8b/DTwxa3HhW2tJ5bqdftEtwSsVuOrFz6fSpownUkoGsXy6s9z+Muj28GiCASIcoFIDDjPSvmGWz/wCEY+JUenXgzaXvzRS44J6EGvHfjH+194r06xcLJbX11EABskYwSNjnB64rV8A/HLVPjH4Y0c3tj9kvrKQM0nUMOmAe9etVwfs6fNIKNeM58qZ9FP8AB6wvSXYIeM5IpdJ8D6dpd7FDBDH8zAH5cc5qx4P8WpfeFY2d286NQjk/xH1/Oug+GFjD4x+IVhbSElnkxtXgN710ZXTc68Yvqc2ZzVOi5WPuT9grwfDouh3F3bDfGkLMz9AoCHNfmjoM9x4E8EfFzxVcbkg1bUZrTTopF2rI7yFRIv4sefav1W+HcUPwl/Z/8ZyDCGw0iaQknaF/dkDn6kV+Zv8AwUGgsPh38N/hr4Wt5bSTVLyFNS1KGCTzDGojxHvweMl2OOtfo+fxVHCRSPzHJa8p4qcl1Z4jZabnULeHk5gC5J54AqpcFVZcYc5O32xxiug8N2Ru/FFjGQTJcwEg54XA7/hWLLEsFtbvjaZGYMRzzkivyKpN3Z95TV3YwNIUxPKpzuDZYVfAEyE8gVSsN32mbI5DlR7irw64HpmuBtt3R1017tyK7j3W4ByQDxUVquw+3pVidT5OexOKgszuLEjHOMUk31CbsrASdzZ9aKWbasj4NFWqdyOU13Tev05pFLHORj0p0bYJyeKVmU9TX0Fz50YuNwBJzUgTBphCKPlwDQVLpkHFADZlL/IM896JRvhC7sEU4qQq9SahmiZD1OKqL1AqXalV49cVEy7nBIIwM5HBFW2GeDVK5clyvJHTHTNbKKuY1HdHhX7P3xmb4QfHzUiZP9F1C7eOdSfVuD+pr9G/A3xOh1fTY5recMAvKg8DivyK8V3DQeP9VYZEsV/Jgqeihjgmvq/9lz4/xwWlpFc3qBJMK2T17c1OZ5dKUfaRPVybHpTdKZ9XfE39p7QfhFZHU9fufKWEHy41+9I3YV8s/tBftR/ET9qCyWDTEi8MeFnHytOSjXY9s8mup/aV+Fx/aBu9HsrW8gtRHIJPPZdygDnJHes3Tv2ZrTVfESw+M/GmpXTIoRDb4hjROwAHYVz4ajTpxUnue1NTqNpbHz1qvwRuIPDFzc33i3SUmPEFvG7vMzemMcD3q18KPidr/wABrRTqFpHq+lK4MgHMkOe4x2/wr3nxF+xd4FiaaZ9d1iS1iBMS/aPvE9TnrXmPjX4GWcOLfw1qN8hjBjBnlEiOMcg5616spQlHlmcNTD1MO+eLPf8A4WftG+HviFoavpcipJKuWiPDKfpX0d+wxqNrefGyynu2j2bgoZyNqn1Nfm78Dfhpqfw08VPPdSxvklQY+A3PpX0J8HPi5qOk+MnjtGnVCPndRjYCa7slwyjibrZHm5rmPNhXCpufoJ/wUY/bR0/QfgtqXg3whfgy6xO1vqV5n5mCDJjT0B45r8xLvVLnVtWjnuJ5biZ2CtJK5dyM4xk12Hxx8fjV/E1xYLcrPs+eXy/4S3JOa4OwLNewqOVJ445BrDijMXWxHJF6I83JMKqNK63Z7N4QgZPiLp6hURZbJinHXgiudjUSaJox2+X9ouZFHPLkZ6V1/h3H/CxdBHA8vSXc+554rkbG1C+GPCwJwWvJQgJ9Qa+Nk76s+kp7mFBCIdTvkIYBJSKmKF2BXOPWgKPtl2FDEpMy8j71TRqqghc5z8wPQGuXoddL4CvNGpj+Zzgnim+Tgg9wO1LMGaHLYxn5cUbiKkioQSAbnYnHPT2oomiGDk/KevNFbx2GjZZcjimmM9R16U/HGaVRuz7V7J82RCNgRwDT2BQc9xT/ACyBntSlTtOcEUAMWcBQoBzUbtufBp4G2Pg4z3qJX3HPJI7ir5khSTsI4wxFULtM4P3QrA/WtFoG2l9pPBPJwK4nxr8bvCHguZYr/W7eW5zhoIP30v0wP611U6U5NNI55ySjqz5b8Waf5vxJ1p5FJiS7cNjofmpk1pe/Cfx9FbziU2t9GtzaHna6HHT6d6v6tqcGq6/fXsKukN3cvKFPJwTwTXaDwyPjT8FW0m2ZD4n8Kym701jwZoDnemevFe/ZcqhPZnDQbUm4nvfwp8e/btAs51mBAjA5YYj9hV3xl4Mm+M2nTWun6n9lvhzFOsm10PbHtmvhnw/8a9Y8G3M1gXljeIlZEYn922eeDXX/AAw/amvvD/ieW/nu5UMuUAYnAHtXnTyqpB88NT6KhnVOUVTk7M6HxL4S+Odn4mn0C5nv5I7eQr56jKsvqCK7vwxoGo+AbCOC/mla4VdzM75y1P8A+G3H1KGJYZlJK/O5bGMdvrXkvxM+Olx4y14NDMxER5KtgY9/WumNKrWahKFrGFfGUqavz3Z7KdaudRuttu7z3LHaPL5yT6VuX+u3Hw8naSVnt7hIQsnYt65rzz9nnx1DYXkryTqdQUB4gTkkHphepOa9v/aH+D958PP2Q7Xxh4qjdfFHxM8QpZaPBIhDW9vEjSSHB5Bc4H419DhsG6NF1LanzONxjrTUeh5V8LPEknjC+1zUnVklnuAo3tkgAV12mXBl1SMKxO1q86/Z7mC6JqJGC7XGDxycDFd9odxjVUJJB3HIFfmuYScq7bPr8NFKnGx794bVJPif4efaTnRpGfJ4HJrkI3+0aP4XLMnlpNLISPoRgV1ugOo+JujZIA/sCRjnjjB6VxsZJsPB+5dpxLlQeOledI76abZVij8+7uSpxmYtU627luQDUNorDUJwMBAxPH8VXQCQcfnXMmdcNI2ZmXaFCwwQpOQDUajfz2q1qMRjAJ6sfzquFAGBxRN32M5le6Cs4wNoXrjvRT3jyx4Joq1NJCTNby8ff4HalVwGA4yf1ps8whhZ5JYkjX7zO4UD86858YftV+FPB87W9u9xrN4GKmO2T5VPux4r6OGHnJ2SPmZ1qcVqz0oMWOACfpzTzZO6jOEBPJbgfrXzJ4n/AGvfFWrwvFp1pZaTGW/ds372UD3PQflXnviz4ieKPEjA6t4g1CZe8Yk2IfbAr0aOUVJPU4qmYRjsfWvjL4t+FvASumo6zaLKgz5EL+bJJn2Bryrxd+3BDasYvDWgyzM24faLxgoHHBCDP6mvnaR1N0qRgOx5Zj97OfWtKKIJvfCqir3PevToZRTg/f1OWeOqSWjNDx78e/GPj9ZE1DVJ4Ldc/uLY+TGc9sDk/jWH4f02F7dXZFZjznbzmsuAy6lqTBQcg8jtXW6ZaCCIjAjGBXVyxh7sUcvM27sjUmNlUZCegrV8JeLb7wT4it9VsZALm2flX+ZZE7ofY1Ru4jJKNpGMdqbAFhBBIyTnryKmcVJWZvSnyO6Ou+OXwc0v4z6ePF3hoR299JH/AKTAvGXHUH3zXz5quj32jXbQ3ELq6cAbTnjrXtvw98fSfD/XjLKwfTb1tl1Fg5X0YD2r0Dxp8PdJ8SRRXsYQicCRJUPysMf1rOGYSoNRnsdjy6OI9+noz5JhmkaPdEs+z1A713nwu+EPiP4h6jFZaXpdxM0zAGQocLn+I/SvSJfB9vozyQeTE0RIk2gDaD613/gz4hXPhSCNY5fKG3b8mBxXRDNot+6jJ5RLeTPpL9gj9gfS/h543tNW1qaPXNYjUCBQPkgb6dCR2qr/AMFsPjpZeO/2wPgx8KNOuY5f+EKUX2pPEQwW4nKqIzjgEIOfrXmyft7ax8ItDmbTLhLe8kjIW4I3SISP4c9DXzz+zUL/AONH7Yo8T6nLNezxXDXk1xO255HzhSxPUe1e3g8S8RH2aPIzCEaNn2PR/hZph8PX/iawBBFhqkkOMcEL0x7V1OhzMmswcAncTn0pmu6AdC+MPjSHBjjlv/tKgDhg6g5HtmpfD5VtWhJBwCenOa/MM2oSp4mUWrH2+Bmp0ISXU990aWOX4kW6BWZo/Drg54BGGrlbT54vBsYTB8mZhz7cCul0/Z/wnuNyxsPDjAnP3T82K5pC3neFB8oKW8rEg+2K8aW9j1qS94hsBukmPB+c9atlGAI2gfSqenkmWQ/7R/nV2WXyyCc4YfgK4pbnSZ+qDdGpYYINVcE4x0FW9SYSnA9jVQNsHQnNaJaXM6iG7lycEjNFNIAfAIJopGZ8leIvHOseOL5rnWdRuJw0hZoVYpDHnooXpgDFZ7bbZNy4znqtVmnYRMSPfJFNknkkZsMMr0I5Br9TUUtkfm/M3uF6wMI4I3HOTWf4hTzZUBJZsCrF1ctMX3Pjy1zjtWZYXZv9ULPuKgYFdNGH2mZzbIdPYvqQQAgqelbWqDfpr442jBrK+xPa62zKRhyMZrbnhD2zBuFZcmtajVyqe+pmeHYVj8xz97HUVt2b/IckMSe9Y+jkRTsuML25rbtogRhQCx7+lcr1ZoyQrtQZILA849KYLdTIzAb+23Heq+seJtM8Owqby+ghLcbFO+T8h61w/if40Xs3mQaFbSWkXI890Dyke3pXTTo83QPaWOo8ZeJrPw5amOfDysvEScsPqe1a/wAIf2hoLC3XR9UIt7ZsiN3O5Ye4H0ryvwLc2uo6vbR6rGbmOe6jEolYjzBu+bc/Va+g7z9izRfFBWfTZru2upZQ4t438x54WbLSW46ShVx8oO7jkVx4ulh17tX7z2cpo4qteVHXyNx/Ctz4ijWW0eKaNvmV42B461heMLV/DtqHkZgxPXtW34A+B2t/COCc6RrserR3LslgtzC4t7lQTwrZyJV/ijOD9a81+NOpeONNtZpNR0qC4sSw23Fk5KMD0bHUensRXDQw6dTlhLQ9XHQnQpXqRdzmPF/iGfxHeNBE0m3ooI7+v0r6Y/YN+H6eHbeW5kRWu7hw7yYHTstfIum+Kp45I5pIkSCM5ZADu+pNfbv7JmswXngA6rZTJIph6jnafcdjX3eQ0lGo3Y/Ns3m5ROR/bI8aal8Nvi/pfiTTn8yyu0NlfQMcgkcq3t3FXfhn8QNP8YXcdxZSDeMF0B5U+mK5/wDaI3+K7HU4JPnLrvXjqw5/CvDfAfiu98NaorWUhilkIGQcc14fEmUU8TUc4aSPXyXNpUaajPVH6QWkYi8d3Q/jj8NYPP3SQTiucsPkvvCSsFcLZSMFAwenNecfAH9ruz17ULm28Wyw2GsyaY9hA54Sc4+Un37V6ctpIut+F4wVcNp8rDB7Y6g1+WYzCVKDcaiPv8Fi4Vvegynp2WV+7bzx+NX7mBTbgk4YfpWfoZ3xSZBX5iBk9cGtEYkgII5JryE22epG3LqY+pDbKMHt1FVWcsMLgkdfarGoArMB71FFtAPrWqvYm3chIG/OTnv60Usv+sOASfaigOVHxZcXTi2GGALH8MVR0e/zpCM2NzZJx25pdXV2tifmU45AGRUOnJ5tsI/kc4+ZR1Wv13kPytSFu5mazlcqQu3GPem+GYdkBym45796dcI11CsfTc2PoKvxQpZRbScYG3PrWkFZFr3tSi0zXuqowTYg44OcVsXQK23POen0qjbeTZS7h1z/AN9VbuNXWUcDaRxWVR3YRjYztgilJHBqjrkWsalF5KXwtrYDhYgAT9T1rUnkUuMkc8fWjALEHBA4I96mMuV3G1c5a0+HFqsoe5kkuDg5LNyfxrVg0e0tcC3hVF6E9xWnHBvViRyBxioliIBGQCOvFaKcpuzYWOc1zQY95mtgqI5+ZQOc5r2r9nX47vJEugaw6yPGwaDzn2Quw+6VZfmil9HXjP3ga8vntAY22kcnLelU47DFyfKJQqnDKcFT6ipxVBVYWkezlGYywlTmjt1Pt+xuRq8F1NLJvdADem5QmTp8v2uJcbvQXUPIHJrIsvDNv4n1tNNuYZInuwEdnIlyrtgEMOHHIIYfeHXmvM/2efjR/bWimxu7uRdY0o4ilRwLhU9YW6f70TZV/Y17l4EtYNa+KHhfHkQW2pTqY3hGLS6YMMvCDzG2fvwn7rdOtfPUKThiVFn6Ziq9PE4R1Y63Vz4V/ao0Cf4e/HvxL4Tt44ohody1sSi8zHAPXrg5rrv2aPjpb/s8apBpOpSyyab4hQtefN8tg7H5WHt61H+2C7N+2D8T7h23zDxBcqGPJIBwP5V5fd2LasZTIodpO5Ffd4bEKi7xPw3GwVSpK59XeO4EvbkzwSrNFKN6OrZV1Pce1fOvi/SH8O+JbmCKThG3RsP9rkVr/Db4pT+AbVbC+86/0yQ/Kh5e2z1wfT2qb4j2ttrSWOsae3mQMTDMehjYcruHuOKeKxEavvHNSpOOiKnii8/teKwuFIWSGIIxAwSw6t+Netfs6/tPXvgvXLWDVHm1LT4EKRLI2ZLcMMEIfT2rx67mMlgi7enpVeCKSGbcrOnTGOPxrwsVg6VdWqI9jB4mpR96LPvXwD4jsPFmjyXthOs0Ickg8vHk/dYdjW6rERcr7ivkr4DfEa78N6xEzXOx5G2y7uUmHbPvjvX1V4d1+DxLp3nw4EgUCRR0z7e1fAZtkdTCz9pBXiz7fLc6p4pcjfvIq6gm+bvxzVRTtOAetT6wwefgjHqOlVUlBXavUd68Z7HsDpARlgcGimhiykPz6UVIHxBNK72TBjuB/i9KqaHPGglYuAQdu4dc0UV+vx1dj8lTHSarHYIzyMWc/cx2qG2u5tWcTNuCAY25xk0UVpLRaHRT2LcdluOd5IHrUk0JjON2WPT1oorlbuUSwRlo8MAcdDSLC2CVJZVA4xzn1oopAOaXY3ByvQkdqdLGohZg27dRRVRdmBA8Y8oEDr1qK0j23RwnO3JPtRRW3M7m9FXdmdD8HPAb3upXuszJNHbtHMsGF2FlQZaQMeOvA6ng+le6aZFB4o8D6LqMEU9nP/akJj+yyskqTAgqsBPSRiA0sjDCriiivFrTbxSP0nCQUcA7dj50+OCX0fx18YjUr231bUf7Tl+0XcDb4bhu7K38X171zunJslztKgegoor6C5+SVf4kvUu/ZfMOcoM+nNNi0oQGTy2dRKQzrvO1iOhx0zRRSuVZJ3LE7BIgPSgEoVyDgelFFIqTsi5bXErR/JlCTkN/dPrX0/8AsleLLSz8B3Fxq18zX+r34tbOAtjaicPJz6k4oorrhRhODhNXTv8Akc8JunUjOGjuekeILQ2OqTQOykxHGVOQfyqiMBs4Cn2oor8axsFCvOEdkz9YoTcqcWxc5yck4ooornsbn//Z" />
  <div style="flex: 1; min-width: 0;">
    <h3>Salman Khan</h3>
    <p>
      <strong>Project Manager and Support</strong><br/>
      Will create actionable development milestones, coordinate with external partners including UI/UX designers, manage project timelines, handle user support and maintain project documentation.<br/>
      Email: salmanzrul at gmail.com<br/>
      Nostr: <code style="word-break: break-all;">npub1ssqkc9yk22lxacfs4cj2p46zcgah4nh33xeqxzqk5f4e23z8gp6qace082</code><br/>
      Telegram: <a href="https://t.me/SalmanKhanBTC">@SalmanKhanBTC</a><br/>
      $60k
    </p>
  </div>
</div>

#### Total: $220k

---

<h2>Contact</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Email: hampus.sjoberg at protonmail.com</li>
  <li>Hampus Telegram: <a href="https://t.me/hsjoberg" target="_blank">@hsjoberg</a></li>
  <li>Telegram group: <a href="https://t.me/blixtwallet" target="_blank">@BlixtWallet</a> (we release signet builds of Noah here)</li>
  <li>GitHub project: <a href="https://github.com/BlixtWallet/noah" target="_blank">BlixtWallet/noah</a></li>
  <li>Source-code for this page: <a href="https://github.com/hsjoberg/grant" target="_blank">hsjoberg/grant</a></li>
</ul>

### Thank you for considering our grant application.
